Add ctx parameter to xarray engine open dataset and add test (#72)
TileDB-Inc/TileDB-CF-Py: HISTORY.md

* Adds methods to convert NetCDF group where all attributes are stored in separate arrays.
* Adds parameter to set default metadata schema in `GroupSchema` instance in not otherwise specified.
* Adds ability to convert NetCDF coordinates to TileDB dimensions.

> * Adds the parameter `ctx` to classmethod `TileDBBackendEntrypoint.open_dataset` for accessing ctx-protected arrays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds the parameter `ctx` to classmethod `TileDBBackendEntrypoint.open_dataset` for using a TileDB context other than the default context.
```
All TileDB arrays use contexts for opening, so "protected" isn't quiet the right word.
